NAME                                           DISPLAY NAME                                                          DEFAULT CHANNEL
abinitio-runtime-operator                      Co>Operating System Runtime Operator                                  stable
acc-operator                                   netapp-acc-operator                                                   stable
aci-containers-operator                        Cisco ACI Containers Operator                                         stable
aikit-operator                                 Intel® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit Operator                           alpha
ako-operator                                   AKO Operator                                                          stable
alloy                                          Alloy                                                                 alpha
anchore-engine                                 Anchore Engine Operator                                               alpha
antrea-operator-for-kubernetes                 Antrea Operator                                                       alpha
anzo-operator                                  Anzo Operator                                                         stable
anzograph-operator                             AnzoGraph Operator                                                    stable
anzounstructured-operator                      Anzo Unstructured Operator                                            stable
app-director-operator                          App Director                                                          stable
appdynamics-operator                           AppDynamics Operator for Kubernetes                                   alpha
aqua-operator-certified                        Aqua Security Operator                                                2022.4
bookkeeper-operator                            BookKeeper Operator                                                   alpha
cass-operator                                  DataStax Kubernetes Operator for Apache Cassandra                     stable
ccm-node-agent-dcap-operator                   CCM Node Agent DCAP Operator                                          alpha
ccm-node-agent-operator                        CCM Node Agent Operator                                               alpha
cilium                                         Cilium                                                                1.14
cilium-enterprise                              Cilium Enterprise                                                     1.14
citrix-adc-istio-ingress-gateway-operator      Citrix ADC Istio Ingress Gateway Operator                             alpha
citrix-cpx-istio-sidecar-injector-operator     Citrix ADC CPX Istio Sidecar Injector Operator                        alpha
citrix-cpx-with-ingress-controller-operator    Citrix ADC CPX with Ingress Controller                                stable
citrix-ingress-controller-operator             Citrix Ingress Controller                                             stable
cloud-native-postgresql                        EDB Postgres for Kubernetes                                           stable-v1.21
cloudbees-ci                                   CloudBees CI                                                          alpha
cloudcasa-operator                             CloudCasa                                                             alpha
cnfv-operator                                  CloudNFV                                                              alpha
cockroachdb-certified                          CockroachDB Operator                                                  stable
confluent-for-kubernetes                       Confluent for Kubernetes                                              2.7
conjur-follower-operator                       Conjur Enterprise Follower Operator                                   stable
contrail-k8s-deployer                          contrail-k8s-deployer                                                 23.1.0
couchbase-enterprise-certified                 Couchbase Operator                                                    stable
crunchy-postgres-operator                      Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes                                       v5
cte-k8s-operator                               CipherTrust Transparent Encryption for Kubernetes (CTE-K8s) Operator  stable
datadog-operator-certified                     Datadog Operator                                                      stable
dell-csi-operator-certified                    Dell CSI Operator                                                     stable
dell-csm-operator-certified                    Dell Container Storage Modules                                        stable
dynatrace-operator                             Dynatrace Operator                                                    alpha
edgelabs-ai-sensor-operator                    Edgelabs AI Security                                                  alpha
eginnovations-operator                         eG Innovations Universal Agent Operator                               beta
elasticsearch-eck-operator-certified           Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator                                          stable
entando-k8s-operator                           Entando Operator                                                      stable
f5-bigip-ctlr-operator                         F5 Container Ingress Services                                         beta
federatorai-certified                          Federator.ai                                                          stable
fujitsu-enterprise-operator                    FUJITSU Enterprise Postgres 13 Operator                               stable-13
fujitsu-enterprise-postgres-operator           Fujitsu Enterprise Postgres Operator                                  stable
function-mesh                                  Function Mesh Operator                                                alpha
gitlab-operator-kubernetes                     GitLab                                                                stable
gitlab-runner-operator                         GitLab Runner                                                         stable
gpu-operator-certified                         NVIDIA GPU Operator                                                   v23.9
habana-ai-operator                             Habana AI                                                             stable
hazelcast-platform-operator                    Hazelcast Platform Operator                                           alpha
hpe-csi-operator                               HPE CSI Operator for Kubernetes                                       stable
hpe-ezmeral-csi-operator                       HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric CSI Operator for Kubernetes                   stable
hspc-operator                                  Hitachi Storage Plug-in for Containers                                stable
ibm-application-gateway-operator               IBM Application Gateway Operator                                      stable
ibm-block-csi-operator                         IBM block storage CSI driver operator                                 stable
ibm-data-reporter-operator                     IBM Data Reporter Operator                                            stable
ibm-metrics-operator                           IBM Metrics Operator                                                  stable
ibm-security-verify-directory-operator         IBM Security Verify Directory                                         stable
ibm-security-verify-operator                   IBM Security Verify Operator                                          stable
ibm-storage-odf-operator                       IBM Storage ODF operator                                              stable-v1.3
infinibox-operator-certified                   InfiniBox CSI Driver - Operator                                       stable
infoscale-dr-manager                           InfoScale™ DR Manager                                                 8.0.200x
infoscale-licensing-operator                   InfoScale™ Licensing Operator                                         8.0.200x
infoscale-operator                             InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                               stable
infoscale-sds-operator                         InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                               8.0.200x
infrastructure-asset-orchestrator-certified    Infrastructure Asset Orchestrator                                     stable
installkit-customer                            Run:AI                                                                stable
instana-agent-operator                         Instana Agent Operator                                                stable
intel-device-plugins-operator                  Intel Device Plugins Operator                                         alpha
intel-ethernet-operator                        Intel Ethernet Operator                                               alpha
iomesh-operator                                IOMesh Operator                                                       stable
joget-dx-operator                              Joget DX Operator                                                     alpha
joget-dx8-operator                             Joget DX 8 Operator                                                   alpha
k8s-triliovault                                Trilio for Kubernetes                                                 3.1.x
keysight-ati-updates                           Keysight ATI Updates Operator                                         alpha
keysight-kcos-framework                        Keysight KCOS Framework Operator                                      alpha
keysight-kcos-ingress                          Keysight KCOS Ingress Operator                                        alpha
keysight-kcos-licensing                        Keysight KCOS Licensing Operator                                      alpha
keysight-kcos-sso                              Keysight KCOS SSO Operator                                            alpha
keysight-keycloak-operator                     Keysight Keycloak Operator                                            alpha
keysight-load-core                             Keysight LoadCore Operator                                            alpha
keysight-loadcore-agents                       Keysight LoadCore Agents Operator                                     alpha
keysight-nats-operator                         Keysight Nats Operator                                                alpha
keysight-nimbusmosaic-dusim                    Keysight Nimbus Mosaic DUSim Operator                                 alpha
keysight-rest-api-browser-v1                   Keysight Rest API Browser Operator v1                                 alpha
keysight-wap-appsec                            Keysight WAP APPSEC Operator                                          alpha
keysight-wap-core                              Keysight WAP Core Operator                                            alpha
keysight-wap-db                                Keysight WAP DB Operator                                              alpha
keysight-wap-diagnostics                       Keysight WAP Diagnostics Operator                                     alpha
keysight-wap-logging                           Keysight WAP Logging Operator                                         alpha
keysight-wap-migration                         Keysight WAP Migration Operator                                       alpha
keysight-wap-msg-broker                        Keysight WAP Message Broker Operator                                  alpha
keysight-wap-notifications                     Keysight WAP Notifications Operator                                   alpha
keysight-wap-stats-dashboards                  Keysight WAP Stats Dashboard Operator                                 alpha
keysight-wap-storage                           Keysight WAP Storage Operator                                         alpha
keysight-wap-test-core                         Keysight WAP Test Core Operator                                       alpha
keysight-wap-ui                                Keysight WAP UI Operator                                              alpha
keysight-websocket-service                     Keysight Websocket Operator                                           alpha
kong-gateway-operator                          Kong                                                                  alpha
kove-operator                                  Kove External Memory Operator                                         stable
kube-loxilb-operator                           kube-loxilb-operator                                                  alpha
kubearmor-operator-certified                   KubeArmor Operator                                                    stable
kubemq-operator-marketplace                    Kubemq Enterprise Operator                                            alpha
kubeturbo-certified                            Kubeturbo Operator                                                    stable
lenovo-locd-operator                           lenovo-locd-operator                                                  alpha
marketplace-games-operator                     Arcade Operator                                                       alpha
memcached-operator-ogaye                       memcached-operator-ogaye                                              alpha
memory-machine-operator                        Memory Machine Operator                                               alpha
minio-operator                                 Minio Operator                                                        stable
model-builder-for-vision-certified             IBM Model Builder for Vision                                          stable
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                       MongoDB Atlas Operator                                                stable
mongodb-enterprise                             MongoDB Enterprise Operator                                           stable
netscaler-adm-agent-operator                   Netscaler ADM Agent Operator                                          stable
netscaler-operator                             NetScaler Operator                                                    stable
neuvector-certified-operator                   NeuVector Operator                                                    beta
nexus-repository-ha-operator-certified         Nexus Repository HA Operator                                          stable
nginx-ingress-operator                         Nginx Ingress Operator                                                alpha
nspc-operator                                  NEC Storage Plug-in for Containers                                    stable
nutanixcsioperator                             Nutanix CSI Operator                                                  stable
nvidia-network-operator                        NVIDIA Network Operator                                               v23.7.0
nxiq-operator-certified                        Nexus IQ Operator                                                     stable
nxrm-operator-certified                        Nexus Repository Operator                                             stable
open-liberty-certified                         Open Liberty                                                          v1.2
openshiftartifactoryha-operator                JFrog Artifactory Enterprise Operator                                 alpha
openshiftxray-operator                         JFrog Xray Continuous Security Operator                               alpha
operator-certification-operator                Operator Certification Operator                                       alpha
ovms-operator                                  OpenVINO Toolkit Operator                                             alpha
pachyderm-operator                             Pachyderm                                                             stable
pcc-operator                                   Prisma Cloud Compute Operator                                         stable
percona-postgresql-operator-certified          Percona Operator for PostgreSQL                                       stable
percona-server-mongodb-operator-certified      Percona Distribution for MongoDB Operator                             stable
percona-xtradb-cluster-operator-certified      Percona Operator for MySQL based on Percona XtraDB Cluster            stable
pg4k-pgd                                       EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes                               preview
pmem-csi-operator-os                           Operator for PMEM-CSI driver                                          stable
portworx-certified                             Portworx Enterprise                                                   stable
prometurbo-certified                           Prometurbo Operator                                                   stable
pulsar-operator                                Pulsar Operator                                                       alpha
pulsar-resources-operator                      Pulsar Resources Operator                                             alpha
redhat-marketplace-operator                    Red Hat Marketplace Deployment Operator by IBM                        stable
redis-enterprise-operator-cert                 Redis Enterprise Operator                                             production
runtime-component-operator-certified           Runtime Component                                                     v1.2
runtime-fabric-operator                        Runtime Fabric Operator                                               alpha
sanstoragecsi-operator-bundle                  NEC Storage M Series CSI Operator                                     stable
seldon-operator-certified                      Seldon Operator                                                       stable
silicom-sts-operator                           Silicom STS Operator                                                  stable
smilecdr-operator                              Smilecdr Operator                                                     alpha
sosivio                                        Sosivio | Predictive Troubleshooting for Kubernetes                   stable
splunk-operator                                Splunk Operator                                                       stable
sriov-fec                                      SR-IOV Operator for Wireless FEC Accelerators                         stable
stackable-commons-operator                     Stackable Commons Operator                                            stable
stackable-zookeeper-operator                   Apache Zookeeper Operator                                             stable
stackgres-certified                            StackGres                                                             stable
sumologic-kubernetes-collection-helm-operator  Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Helm Operator                        alpha
sysdig-certified                               Sysdig Agent Operator                                                 stable
t8c-certified                                  Turbonomic Platform Operator                                          stable
t8c-tsc-client-certified                       Turbonomic Secure Connect Client                                      stable
tawon-operator                                 Tawon                                                                 alpha
tenant-operator                                Multi Tenant Operator                                                 alpha
tigera-operator                                Tigera Operator                                                       release-v1.29
timemachine-operator                           Time Machine Operator                                                 alpha
uma-admin-operator                             DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Admin For Multi-tenancy             stable
uma-operator                                   DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent                                     stable
uma-team-operator                              DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Team For Multi-tenancy              stable
vault-secrets-operator                         Vault Secrets Operator                                                stable
vfunction-server-operator                      vFunction Operator                                                    stable
webotx-operator                                WebOTX Operator for Kubernetes                                        stable
xcrypt-operator                                Zettaset XCrypt Operator                                              alpha
xspc-operator                                  HPE XP Storage Plug-in for Containers                                 stable
zabbix-operator-certified                      Zabbix Operator                                                       lts
zookeeper-operator                             ZooKeeper Operator                                                    alpha
